Add new persist query parameter to Consent Authorize page (#598)
wso2/docs-open-banking: en/docs/develop/consent-management-authorize.md

    It is mandatory to send the `approval` parameter in the payload of this request. The `approval` parameter is a 
    boolean value that specifies whether the customer has authorized the consent or not. 

???info "New persist query parameter to Consent Authorize endpoint"

>     Customers can dynamically skip the authorization redirection flow from the persist endpoint with this new query parameter, and customers can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Customers can dynamically skip the authorization redirection flow from the persist endpoint with this new query parameter.    
```

>     Customers can dynamically skip the authorization redirection flow from the persist endpoint with this new query parameter, and customers can 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Customers can dynamically skip the authorization redirection flow from the persist endpoint with the `authorize` query parameter.
```

>     The `authorize` query parameter  is a boolean value and if it is set to `false`, the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The `authorize` query parameter is a boolean value, and if it is set to `false`, the 
```

>     authorization redirection will skip.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    authorization redirection is skipped.
```

>         WSO2 Open Banking Identity Server 3.0.0.28 onwards. For more information on updating, see [Getting WSO2 Updates](https://ob.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/install-and-setup/setting-up-servers/#getting-wso2-updates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        WSO2 Open Banking Identity Server Accelerator Level 3.0.0.28 onwards. For more information on updating, see [Getting WSO2 Updates](https://ob.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/install-and-setup/setting-up-servers/#getting-wso2-updates).
```
